c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\MonitorDemo.exe.config
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\concrt140.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\cvextern.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\msvcp140.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\opencv_ffmpeg320_64.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\vcruntime140.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\MonitorDemo.exe
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\MonitorDemo.pdb
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.pdb
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\Emgu.CV.World.pdb
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\zh-CN\Emgu.CV.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\bin\x64\Release\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\obj\x64\Release\MonitorDemo.MonitorDemo.resources
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\obj\x64\Release\MonitorDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\obj\x64\Release\MonitorDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\obj\x64\Release\MonitorDemo.exe
c:\users\alice\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonitorDemo\MonitorDemo\obj\x64\Release\MonitorDemo.pdb
